.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH 0k 1  "0k " 
.SH NAME
0k \- Zero Kelvin \- Cold Storage Utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fB0k\fR [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR] <\fIsubcommands\fR>
.SH DESCRIPTION
Zero Kelvin \- Cold Storage Utility
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version
.SH SUBCOMMANDS
.TP
0k\-freeze(1)
Offload data to a SquashFS archive (frozen state)
.TP
0k\-unfreeze(1)
Unfreeze (restore) data from a SquashFS archive
.TP
0k\-check(1)
Check integrity of an archive against the original files
.TP
0k\-help(1)
Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)
.SH EXTRA
Detailed Command Information:

Copyleft 🄯 2026 :: GPL3
github.com/Antony\-hash512/Zero\-Kelvin
   __  __  _
  /  \\|  |/ /  Zero Kelvin Offload Tool v0.2.21
 ( 0  │  K <   [ Freeze your data. Free your space. ]
  \\__/|__|\\_\\  Blazed by Rust

  freeze [TARGETS...] [ARCHIVE_PATH] [OPTIONS]
    Offload data to a SquashFS archive (frozen state).
    Arguments:
      TARGETS...            Files or directories to freeze.
      ARCHIVE_PATH          Destination .sqfs archive path.
    Options:
      \-e, \-\-encrypt         Encrypt the archive using LUKS (via 0k\-core).
      \-r, \-\-read <FILE>     Read list of targets from a file.
      \-c, \-\-compression N   Zstd compression level (default: 19) 0 = no compression.
          \-\-no\-progress     Disable progress bar.
          \-\-prefix <NAME>   Prefix for auto\-generated filename
                            (when ARCHIVE_PATH is a directory).
                            If omitted, you will be prompted interactively.

  unfreeze <ARCHIVE_PATH> [OPTIONS]
    Restore data from a frozen archive to its original locations.
    Arguments:
      ARCHIVE_PATH          Path to the .sqfs archive to restore.
    Options:
      \-\-overwrite           Overwrite existing files.
      \-\-skip\-existing       Skip files that already exist.
      \-\-force\-unfreeze      Force unfreeze even if hostname mismatches.
      \-\-verify              Verify archive integrity before restoring.

  check <ARCHIVE_PATH> [OPTIONS]
    Verify archive integrity against the live system.
    Arguments:
      ARCHIVE_PATH          Path to the .sqfs archive to check.
    Options:
      \-\-use\-cmp             Verify file content (byte\-by\-byte) in addition to size/mtime.
      \-\-delete              Delete local files if they match the archive (Destructive!).
      \-D, \-\-force\-delete    Modifier for \-\-delete: also delete files newer than archive.
                            (Useful for cleaning up already restored/unfrozen files).

Full help for a specific command can be obtained via:
  zero\-kelvin <command> \-\-help
  0k help <command>
.SH VERSION
vZero Kelvin Offload Tool
a.k.a. `0k` 0.2.21
